Create RxClass directive for push based changes (#1048)
rx-angular/rx-angular: libs/template/docs/api/class-directive.md

## ClassDirective

The `rxClass` directive serves a convenient way of using observables for style (class) changes.

> Under the hood, it leverages a `RenderStrategy` which in turn takes care of optimizing the change detection
> of your component by passing wanted strategy to `rxClassStrategy`. The `ClassDirective` will apply style (class) changes to the template and manage change detection after it got an initial value.
> So if the incoming `Observable` emits its value lazily (e.g. data coming from `Http`), your style/class will be
> applied lazily as well. This can very positively impact the render performance of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, it leverages a `RenderStrategy` which in turn defines the timing when incoming changes get applied to the directives `ElementRef#nativeElement`. The key difference to the native `ngClass` directive and the main reason to use `rxClass` over `ngClass` is its runtime performance. Due to its push-based nature, the `ClassDirective` is able to apply classes defined as input to its `nativeElement` without the need of running `ChangeDetection` or waiting for `NgZone` to kick in.

For this, it needs an `Observable` as input source.

```typescript
class$ = state$.pipe(
  map(state => state.isActive ? 'active-class' : 'disabled-class' )
)
```

```html
<div [rxClass]="class$"></div>
```

Reviewer: why just resolved?

Author: I updated this part of the docs in one of my commits already. That's why I marked it as resolved.

### Problems with `async` and `ngClass` or `class`

In Angular, a way of binding an observable to the `ngClass` or `class` directive could look like that:

```html
<div [ngClass]="{ 'visible': isVisible$ | async }"></div>
<div [class.visible]="isVisible$ | async"></div>
```

> When using `ngClass` or `class` directive with an Observable value and the `async` pipe in the template of an Angular application, the `async` pipe relies on the Zone to be present - it doesn't really trigger change detection by itself. It marks the component and its children as dirty waiting for the Zone to trigger change detection. So, in case you want to create a zone-less application, the `async` pipe won't work as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the native `ngClass` or `class` directive, the template of your component needs to get re-evaluated in order to apply the changes. In other words `ChangeDetection` has to run for your component in order to set a class to an `HTMLElement`.

With an Observable value you typically use something like the `async` pipe in order to reflect its values in your components template. ..TBD. ... more to continue, here is a link where the async behavior is already described. we can cross-link here: https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/blob/main/libs/template/docs/performance-issues.md#binding-reactive-sources
```

Reviewer: why resolved? I think the main benefit of `rxClass` is that it doesn't need changeDetection to apply it's changes. To get rid of the `async` pipe, you could use `push` or `rxLet` but you still need cd for applying class changes.

### Features of `rxClass`

> - binding is always present. (see "Problems with `async` and `*ngClass` or `class`" section above)
> - it takes away the multiple usages of the `async` or `push` pipe
> - a unified/structured way of handling null and undefined
> - it allows to easily choose preferred rendering strategy using `rxClassStrategy` directive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- re-rendering without `ChangeDetection`
- binding is always present. (see "Problems with `async` and `*ngClass` or `class`" section above)
- it takes away the multiple usages of the `async` or `push` pipe
- a unified/structured way of handling null and undefined
- it allows to easily choose preferred rendering strategy using `rxClassStrategy` directive
```

Reviewer: same as above, the main benefit is that it doesn't need CD

### Template binding of an Observable

The `rxClass` directive takes over several things and makes it more convenient and safe to work with streams in the
template and allows to choose a preferred rendering strategy using `rxClassStrategy` directive:

#### Example usages:

```html
<div [rxClass]="{ 'visible': isVisible$ }" [rxClassStrategy]="'native'"></div>

<div [rxClass]="singleClass$" [rxClassStrategy]="'native'"></div>
<div [rxClass]="setOfClasses$" [rxClassStrategy]="'native'"></div>
<div [rxClass]="recordOfClasses$" [rxClassStrategy]="'native'"></div>
```

```TypeScript
import { BehaviorSubject } from 'rxjs';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  template: `
    <ng-container *rxLet="hero$; let hero; strategy: strategy">
      <app-hero [hero]="hero"></app-hero>
    </ng-container>
  `
})
export class AppComponent {
  readonly isVisible$ = new BehaviorSubject<boolean>(true);

  readonly singleClass$ = new BehaviorSubject<string>('class-one');

>   readonly setOfClasses$ = new BehaviorSubject<string[]>(['class-one', 'class-two']);

Reviewer: this is an array of classes :laughing: a set is missing :)

For this, it needs an `Observable` as input source.
```typescript
class$ = state$.pipe(
  map(state => state.isActive ? 'active-class' : 'disabled-class' )
)
```
```html
<div [rxClass]="class$"></div>
```

### Problems with `async` and `ngClass` or `class`

In Angular, a way of binding an observable to the `ngClass` or `class` directive could look like that:

```html
<div [ngClass]="{ 'visible': isVisible$ | async }"></div>
<div [class.visible]="isVisible$ | async"></div>
```

When using the native `ngClass` or `class` directive, the template of your component needs to get re-evaluated in order to apply the changes. In other words `ChangeDetection` has to run for your component in order to set a class to an `HTMLElement`.

> That's not the case when using `rxClass` that allows you to re-render the content asynchronously based on the chosen strategy.  The async behavior description can be found here: https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/blob/main/libs/template/docs/performance-issues.md#binding-reactive-sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rxClass` in comparison allows you to apply class updates without running `ChangeDetection` with a configurable render-strategy. 

You find more on this topic and why the usage of `async` pipe can harm your performance [here](https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/blob/main/libs/template/docs/performance-issues.md#binding-reactive-sources).
```

### Features of `rxClass`

> - re-rendering without `ChangeDetection`
> - binding is always present. (see "Problems with `async` and `*ngClass` or `class`" section above)
> - it takes away the multiple usages of the `async` or `push` pipe
> - a unified/structured way of handling null and undefined
> - it allows to easily choose preferred rendering strategy using `rxClassStrategy` directive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- re-rendering without `ChangeDetection`
- binding is always present. (see "Problems with `async` and `*ngClass` or `class`" section above)
- a unified/structured way of handling null and undefined
- it allows to easily choose preferred rendering strategy using `rxClassStrategy` directive
```
